allowedDeviationXY - Reworked (#85)
Intralogistics-2X-LIF/Layout-Interchange-Format: LIF.md

### 8.3.17 AllowedDeviationXY

> allowedDeviationXY defines an ellipse around the node position within which the mobile robot's control point may deviate from the exact node coordinates. The coordinates of the node define the center of the ellipse. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allowedDeviationXY defines an ellipse around the node position within which the mobile robot's control point may deviate from the exact node coordinates while still considering the node traversed. The coordinates of the node define the center of the ellipse. 
```

- If aMinimum = aMaximum and bMinimum = bMaximum, the provided allowedDeviationXY must be sent for this node with every order.

> - If aMinimum/bMinimum are defined but aMaximum/bMaximum are not, aMaximum >= aMinimum / bMaximum >= bMinimum is assumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If aMinimum/bMinimum are defined but aMaximum/bMaximum are not, any value of the maximum equal to or greater than the corresponding minimum is assumed to be valid.
```

- If aMaximum/bMaximum are defined but aMinimum/bMinimum are not, aMinimum <= aMaximum / bMinimum <= bMaximum is assumed.
- If neither aMinimum/aMaximum nor bMinimum/bMaximum are defined at all, the fleet control may send any value when compiling an order.

In the case that an ellipse is not supported by either the mobile robot or by VDA5050 version (e.g., 2.1 or prior), allowedDeviationXY should be defined such that aMinimum = aMaximum, bMinimum = bMaximum, and theta = 0.0 in order to define a circle.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Regardless of the values defined for the ellipse, due to the fact that the fleet control system must always ensure that any VDA5050 commands resulting from this information require that the semi-minor axis is equal to or less than the semi-major axis, values in the LIF that would directly force such an error are invalid.

```

| Object structure | Unit | Data type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| allowedDeviationXY { |  | JSON-object |  |

> | *aMin* | meter | float64 | Minimum length of the ellipse semi-major axis in meters. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *aMinimum* | meter | float64 | Minimum length of the ellipse semi-major axis in meters. |
```

| *aMaximum* | meter | float64 | Maximum length of the ellipse semi-major axis in meters. |
| *bMinimum* | meter | float64 | Minimum length of the ellipse semi-minor axis in meters. |
| *bMaximum* | meter | float64 | Maximum length of the ellipse semi-minor axis in meters. |

> | *theta* | rad | float64 | Rotation angle from the positive horizontal axis to the ellipse's major axis in the project-specific coordinate system. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *theta* | rad | float64 | Rotation angle from the positive horizontal axis to the ellipse's major axis in this origin's coordinate system. |
```

Or "parent origin's" or something. We added the origin object to LIF 2.0 to take a crack at disambiguating this somewhat. (Problems with _somewhat_ disambiguating a thing aside...)

### 8.3.17 AllowedDeviationXY

allowedDeviationXY defines an ellipse around the node position within which the mobile robot's control point may deviate from the exact node coordinates while still considering the node traversed. The coordinates of the node define the center of the ellipse. 

- If aMinimum = aMaximum and bMinimum = bMaximum, the provided allowedDeviationXY must be sent for this node with every order.
- If aMinimum/bMinimum are defined but aMaximum/bMaximum are not, any value of the maximum equal to or greater than the corresponding minimum is assumed to be valid.

> - If aMaximum/bMaximum are defined but aMinimum/bMinimum are not, aMinimum <= aMaximum / bMinimum <= bMaximum is assumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If aMaximum/bMaximum are defined but aMinimum/bMinimum are not, any value of the minimum equal to or less than the corresponding maximum is assumed to be valid.
```

> - If neither aMinimum/aMaximum nor bMinimum/bMaximum are defined at all, the fleet control may send any value when compiling an order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If neither pair of aMinimum/aMaximum or bMinimum/bMaximum are defined, the fleet control may send any value when compiling an order.
```

> In the case that an ellipse is not supported by either the mobile robot or by VDA5050 version (e.g., 2.1 or prior), allowedDeviationXY should be defined such that aMinimum = aMaximum, bMinimum = bMaximum, and theta = 0.0 in order to define a circle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case that an ellipse is not supported by either the mobile robot or by VDA5050 version (e.g., 2.1 or prior), the fleet control system must choose a single radius within the minimum and maximum bounds of both a and b when dispatching an order.
```

### 8.3.17 AllowedDeviationXY

allowedDeviationXY defines an ellipse around the node position within which the mobile robot's control point may deviate from the exact node coordinates while still considering the node traversed. The coordinates of the node define the center of the ellipse. 

- If aMinimum = aMaximum and bMinimum = bMaximum, the provided allowedDeviationXY must be sent for this node with every order.
- If aMinimum/bMinimum are defined but aMaximum/bMaximum are not, any value of the maximum equal to or greater than the corresponding minimum is assumed to be valid.
- If aMaximum/bMaximum are defined but aMinimum/bMinimum are not, any value of the minimum equal to or less than the corresponding maximum is assumed to be valid.
- If neither aMinimum/aMaximum nor bMinimum/bMaximum are defined at all, the fleet control may send any value when compiling an order.

In the case that an ellipse is not supported by either the mobile robot or by VDA5050 version (e.g., 2.1 or prior), allowedDeviationXY should be defined such that aMinimum = aMaximum, bMinimum = bMaximum, and theta = 0.0 in order to define a circle.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### 8.3.17 AllowedDeviationXY

allowedDeviationXY defines an ellipse around the node position within which the mobile robot's control point may deviate from the exact node coordinates while still considering the node traversed. The coordinates of the node define the center of the ellipse. 

- If aMinimum = aMaximum and bMinimum = bMaximum, the provided allowedDeviationXY must be sent for this node with every order.
- If aMinimum/bMinimum are defined but aMaximum/bMaximum are not, any value of the maximum equal to or greater than the corresponding minimum is assumed to be valid.
- If aMaximum/bMaximum are defined but aMinimum/bMinimum are not, any value of the minimum equal to or less than the corresponding maximum is assumed to be valid.
- If neither aMinimum/aMaximum nor bMinimum/bMaximum are defined at all, the fleet control may send any value when compiling an order.

In the case that an ellipse is not supported by either the mobile robot or by VDA5050 version (e.g., 2.1 or prior), allowedDeviationXY should be defined such that aMinimum = aMaximum, bMinimum = bMaximum, and theta = 0.0 in order to define a circle.

> Regardless of the values defined for the ellipse, due to the fact that the fleet control system must always ensure that any VDA5050 commands resulting from this information require that the semi-minor axis is equal to or less than the semi-major axis, values in the LIF that would directly force such an error are invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
